README.md, before:

# SQL_Employee_Tracker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

 ## Table of Contents
 - [Project Description](#Description)
 - [Usage](#Usage)
 - [Installation](#Installation)
 - [Contribution](#Contribution)
 - [GitHub](#GitHub)
 - [Email](#Email)
 - [License](#License)
  
## Description
This is an application that connects a database of employees at your organization.

More to come in future versions.

## Usage
Download the code from the GitHub repository, then run 'node index' to start the application and answer the inquirer questions.

## Technologies
Node.js, MYSQL, JavaScript

## Installation
Install Node.js & run 'npm  install' for all of the packages needed.

## Contribution
Currently there are no contributions being taken.

## Resources
Deployed Application:

## GitHub
Christianmsm: https://github.com/Christianmsm
## Email
hello@itschristiansmith.com
## License
Licensed with: https://opensource.org/license/mit/

Commit message:

updated readme file and made adjustments before submitting first draft

README.md, after:

# SQL_Employee_Tracker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

 ## Table of Contents
 - [Project Description](#Description)
 - [Usage](#Usage)
 - [Installation](#Installation)
 - [Contribution](#Contribution)
 - [GitHub](#GitHub)
 - [Email](#Email)
 - [License](#License)
  
## Description
This is an application that connects a database of employees at your organization.
How this application works is the user runs 'node index' to start the application and is presented with a list of operations to choose from such as 'View all roles' Once the user selects an option the application will either show them the data connected to the database, or give them a set of more instructions to follow to get the information they are looking for.

My process for building this application was first I created the database with certain values already stored. 

After I had this setup I created the index.js functions that ask the user questions and once they pick an option the different operations are ran. These weave into each other and a few of the operations are currently not functioning properly. In later versions I will fix these issues so all of the functions run properly.

This challenge was a lot more difficult than most due too all of the questions weaving into each other.

## Usage
Download the code from the GitHub repository, then run 'node index' to start the application and answer the inquirer questions.

## Technologies
Node.js, MYSQL, JavaScript

## Installation
Install Node.js & run 'npm  install' for all of the packages needed.

## Contribution
Currently there are no contributions being taken.

## Resources
Video submission:


## GitHub
Christianmsm: https://github.com/Christianmsm
## Email
hello@itschristiansmith.com
## License
Licensed with: https://opensource.org/license/mit/
